# Flight Book Management System

Data models associated with smart tourism and destinations. OMniLeads (OML) is an Open Source software solution designed to support the management, operation and administration of a Contact Center. CruiseLink acts as the digital backbone of onboard cruise operations. A luxury yacht experience booking platform where members can browse and book yacht trips, manage their bookings, and communicate special requests. QloApps is a Free and Open-source hotel management and reservation system. Microserver plugins offer seamless integration with Spring (core), Jersey, Guava, Tomcat and Grizzly. CQEngine is a high-performance Java collection. Apache Cayenne is a persistence framework. Mercury is a research-oriented air transportation mobility simulator. AirTrafficSim is a web-based air traffic simulation software. Java library for the Amadeus Self-Service travel APIs. Sabre Java Bridge. The Airplane Ticket Booking and Management System is a modern web application designed to streamline the process of booking and managing flight tickets. phpVMS is a PHP based application to run and simulate and airline. ERPNext is a open-source ERP system that can be customized for the aerospace industry. iDempiere Business Suite ERP/CRM/MFG/SCM/POS. Data models related to the Smart Logistics Domain. A recent addition to the BlueSeer Software portfolio is a Freight Management / Transportation Management System (TMS) solution. openTCS is a free platform for controlling fleets of automated guided vehicles (AGVs) and mobile robots. Fleetbase is a modular logistics and supply chain operating system. Optaplanner is a fast AI constraint solver for software developers. ActiveJ consists of a range of orthogonal libraries. Akka is a platform that simplifies building highly resilient, and scalable services. Arquillian provides a component model for integration tests. AssertJ provides a rich and intuitive set of strongly-typed assertions to use for unit testing